Add note on included and pagination (#1744)
json-api-dotnet/JsonApiDotNetCore: docs/usage/reading/pagination.md

GET /api/blogs/1/articles?include=revisions&page[size]=10,revisions:5&page[number]=2,revisions:3 HTTP/1.1
```

> > [!WARNING]
> > Included resource collections do not have pagination links or total meta. See [here](https://github.com/json-api-dotnet/JsonApiDotNetCore/issues/1738) for rationale.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> For optimal performance, pagination links and total meta are not returned for *included* to-many relationships.
> See [here](https://github.com/json-api-dotnet/JsonApiDotNetCore/issues/1738) for details.
```

Changed to note, because this is not potentially dangerous. See https://dotnet.github.io/docfx/docs/markdown.html?tabs=linux%2Cdotnet#alerts.
